hello Millican community i'm Millican
president patrick white and i'm dr.
steve haas trustee emeritus on the
Milliken board of trustees and your
pilot for today with Steve's help in
just a moment I'll be giving you a
glimpse of what our beloved University
looks like from up way up we'll be
flying high today and for good reason
thanks to the generosity of you our
alumni friends faculty and staff
donations to the university's annual
fund reach their highest level ever the
university's fiscal year ended June 30th
and giving to the Milliken fund reached
a new record beating the previous record
year of 2009 by nearly a hundred
thousand dollars for a total of over two
million six hundred and eighty three
thousand dollars thank you so much my
enthusiasm is not only for the record
but as important as that is because each
dollar that you gave has helped make
Milliken stronger and helped our
students achieve through performance
learning I'm so happy about this feeling
Steve I can fly and with your help I
know I can
Steve shall we take these fine folks up
with us for a flyover the big blue you
didn't throw our thanks for support
I'm ready alright let's go
hold on we're approaching campus now
what's that Steve it looks like there
are people on the roof of Schilling Hall
it looks like they're trying to tell us
something
maybe something important I hope
everything's okay I've been gone only a
few minutes hold on Pat I'll see if we
can get a closer look
okay we're flying by the front of
Schilling what do you see it's just as I
thought
taking a look Steve I think I know just
what you're going to say Pat I've heard
you say it many times when you see the
Milliken community at its finest ah
there you are Milliken
thanks to you Millikan and our students
can reach new heights and soar to our
best imagination of what we can be thank
you